README.md, before:

# lucky-night

This project was generated with the [Angular Full-Stack Generator](https://github.com/DaftMonk/generator-angular-fullstack) version 3.0.0-rc8.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- [Git](https://git-scm.com/)
- [Node.js and NPM](nodejs.org) >= v0.12.0
- [Bower](bower.io) (`npm install --global bower`)
- [Ruby](https://www.ruby-lang.org) and then `gem install sass`
- [Grunt](http://gruntjs.com/) (`npm install --global grunt-cli`)
- [MongoDB](https://www.mongodb.org/) - Keep a running daemon with `mongod`

### Developing

1. Run `npm install` to install server dependencies.

2. Run `bower install` to install front-end dependencies.

3. Run `mongod` in a separate shell to keep an instance of the MongoDB Daemon running

4. Run `grunt serve` to start the development server. It should automatically open the client in your browser when ready.

## Build & development

Run `grunt build` for building and `grunt serve` for preview.

## Testing

Running `npm test` will run the unit tests with karma.

Commit message:

added user stories and todo list

README.md, after:

# lucky-night

This project was generated with the [Angular Full-Stack Generator](https://github.com/DaftMonk/generator-angular-fullstack) version 3.0.0-rc8.

## Free Code Camp - Basejump: Build a Nightlife Coordination App

1)  User Story: As an unauthenticated user, I can view all bars in my area.
2)  User Story: As an authenticated user, I can add myself to a bar to indicate I am going there tonight.
3)  User Story: As an authenticated user, I can remove myself from a bar if I no longer want to go there.
4)  Bonus User Story: As an unauthenticated user, when I login I should not have to search again.

### TODO
1)  (US:2-4)  Setup local auth 
2)  (US:2-3)  Add API end point to add/remove user from a bar
3)  (US:1)    Add API end point to get bars/clubs near user search location from Yelp to include other users who have added themselves to the bar 
4)  (US:1)    Create view with nearby bars with search filter
              1. If user is logged in check if they have a stored search, if so use that search initially
              2. If user is not logged in check if user has a search stored in cookies
              3. If user searches store it/update stored search
5)  (US:4)    Store users search in cookie for when they are not logged in
6)  (US:4)    Store users search on server, should this be in the users table or a new table?
7)  (US:1-4)  Deploy to Heroku
8)  (US:1-4)  Setup auth on Heroku
